Add docs on request instances to Requests compatibility guide (#823)
encode/httpx: docs/compatibility.md

client = httpx.Client(**kwargs)
```

> The HTTPX equivalent of `prepare_request` of `requests.Session` instance is `build_request` of `httpx.Client`.

Reviewer: I’m not sure these are strictly equivalent. I remember `.prepare_request` mutates à request object in place, while `.build_request()` is mostly a convenience helper for applying client defaults.

So maybe we can present it like this...

- There’s no need for `prepare_request()` in HTTPX: request objects are ready to be sent across the wire as soon as they are instantiated, e.g. `Request("GET", "https://example.org")`.
- If you need to build a request while applying client defaults, see <link to existing docs on `build_requests` in the advanced docs>.

I guess both pieces of info can be moved to a « Request instantiation » section, together with the contents of request arguments below?

Author: True, they are not strictly equivalent. we can only send `PreparedRequest` to `.send()` in `requests`. And having separate section Request instantiation also makes it clear.

## Request arguments

> The `Request` class of `httpx` takes the arguments

Reviewer: IMO we should avoid duplicating this information and instead link to the Developer Interface docs for `Request`.

Author: agree.

`(method, url, params=None, headers=None, cookies=None, data=None, files=None, json=None, stream=None)`

where as `requests.Request` takes the arguments

`(method, url, params=None, data=None, json=None, headers=None, cookies=None, files=None, auth=None, timeout=None, allow_redirects=True, proxies=None, verify=True, stream=None, cert=None)`

> The list of arguments that are not present in `httpx.Request` class are `auth`, `timeout`, `allow_redirects`, `proxies`, `verify` and `cert` however these are available in `httpx.request`, `httpx.get`, `httpx.post` etc.

Reviewer: I think this diff is the most useful bit of info. (The question readers will probably be wondering is « What are the fields Requests puts on the request class/`prepare_request` helper that HTTPX put elsewhere or dropped entirely? ») IMO we can remove the parameter listings above and just keep this in this section.

Author: I have updated the doc. Please review once.

client = httpx.Client(**kwargs)
```

## Request instantiation

Whenever you get a `Response` from an API call, the `request` attribute is actually the `Request` that was used internally. There are cases in which you want to build a `Request` object but don't want to send it immediately. Here is how you can do it.

```python
req = httpx.Request("GET", "https://example.org")
```

The above request object is ready to be sent. There’s no need for `prepare_request()` in HTTPX.

```python
with httpx.Client() as client:
    r = client.send(req)
```

If you need to build a request while applying client defaults, see [here](https://www.python-httpx.org/advanced/#build-request).

> The list of arguments that are not present in `httpx.Request` class are `auth`, `timeout`, `allow_redirects`, `proxies`, `verify` and `cert` however these are available in `httpx.request`, `httpx.get`, `httpx.post` etc.

Reviewer: Hi @lonewolf3739, thanks for updating the PR. :-)

Reading this bit I realized there were a few pieces of info that were missing entirely from our docs, and we could use as a prerequisite to make this section as focused as possible.

Basically once #836 gets in I believe we can strip this down to something like…

```suggestion
There is no notion of [prepared requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/advanced/#prepared-requests) in HTTPX. If you need to customize request instantiation, see [Request instances](/advanced#request-instances).

Besides, `httpx.Request()` does not support the `auth`, `timeout`, `allow_redirects`, `proxies`, `verify` and `cert` parameters. However these are available in `httpx.request`, `httpx.get`, `httpx.post` etc., as well as on [`Client` instances](/advanced#client-instances).
```

Author: Revamped doc here #836 looks great :+1:
